[stomping]
[whoosh]
[intro music playing]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
MY COUSIN AND THE SNAKE RETURN
-[Naoko] Let's go, Mom!
-[Mom] Wait! I need to use the bathroom!
Oh, come on!
Going somewhere?
I was invited to Erika's birthday party,
so we're going to buy some cute clothes!
-I see.
-[toilet flushes]
Sorry, dear.
Let's go!
I brought some daikon radishes.
-[Mom] Oh, Ichiro!
-[chokes]
[Mom] Thank you for the daikon.
Come on in.
Gah!
Ichiro, my mom and I are going shopping.
Would you like to join us?
No.
-[Mom] Can you wait here with your uncle?
-Yes.
Wait, no! It's not a good idea
for us to be alone!
[hiss]
[screams]
-[loud hiss]
-Stop that!
[yelling]
[Dad] It's going to eat me!
[roaring] Gau!
What are you doing?
Let him go!
[yells]
What's going on?
Huh? Naoko!
What are you doing?
It's Ichiro's fault!
Please don't go shopping!
I'm scared to be alone with him!
Oh, dear...
I'll ask if the Moles can come over.
[Mom] So, could you please
look after them?
[Mr. Mole] Leave it to us.
Okay, off we go.
We'll be back after lunch.
Okay.
Have a good time.
Do you want to play a game
in Naoko's room?
Okay.
[video game music playing]
See, this is how you do it.
I'll let you try next, Ichiro.
I want to play!
What's that?
I'm Elizabeth.
Ichiro's no good at games, so I'll play.
Can snakes play video games?
-[hisses]
-Whoa!
Don't make fun of snakes.
Don't get so worked up.
Who said I was worked up?
You've never played a video game.
I can do it.
Wow, this is so cute.
Which one?
See, isn't it cute?
It would fit you perfectly.
No way. That panda
has some seriously crazy eyes.
About Naoko's cousin...
He's got a unique personality.
I wonder if they're getting along.
There! Go!
Too bad. You lost.
This is boring.
You stink at it.
What? You stink, too!
-[hisses]
-Ahh!
Stop it, Elizabeth!
Ow!
What's happening?
-Hm?
-[Ichiro yelling]
What are they doing?
I'll go take a look.
[screaming]
What's going on?
Oh, Mama!
Nothing.
Would you like to come down for a snack?
I want takoyaki octopus balls!
We don't have any.
I'll go get some!
-Ichiro, do you want to go, too?
-Uh, sure.
This is cute. Mom, what do you think?
It wouldn't look good on me.
You're not the one who's gonna wear it.
It's too plain.
This one's better.
Isn't it cute?
Why is it always animals?
[Miyako] Octo, octo, octopus!
We'd like some takoyaki, please.
Welcome. Just a moment.
They're almost done.
Oh, so that's what takoyaki is.
What is that?
That's Elizabeth the snake.
Does Elizabeth want some takoyaki?
No, thank you.
I only eat raw meat.
No way am I eating cooked octopus.
What a bratty little snake.
[laughs]
What are you all doing?
This is Naoko's cousin, Ichiro.
[growls]
Stop it, Elizabeth. You're being rude.
Quiet, you! Mind your own business!
I see. A classic form of entertainment.
It's not entertainment!
I can do ventriloquism, too.
[in high-pitched voice]
Hello, I'm Foxy the Fox.
Your mouth was totally moving.
[grunts]
[Naoko] I can't! It's too embarrassing!
I want to take it off!
Why? It looks good on you.
Big Sis Naoko!
Leonard!
Oh, Ichiro's here, too?
We came to get some takoyaki.
Ms. Watanabe, what is that you're wearing?
Uh... [stammers[
[Leonard Mole] It's a frog!
[hisses]
Elizabeth, calm down!
Ms. Watanabe, how can you walk around
in that shirt?
See, Mom! People are making fun of me!
Don't be silly. It's cute.
And your dad will just love it.
It's utterly unfashionable. [snickers]
What's so funny?
Calm down, Naoko. I'll get you
some croquettes from Toshio's shop!
Should we sing that song to soothe Naoko?
Good idea.
♪ I am a rattlesnake ♪
♪ Rattle, rattle ♪
♪ I hope I don't rattle you ♪
♪ But I'd like to shake things up ♪
♪ Rattle, rattle ♪
Why'd you sing backup
with Keisuke Saito, Mom?
[laughs] It looked like fun.
There's quite a crowd here.
Please come by the Cat Diner sometime.
Huh?
[hisses]
[meowing ferociously]
[hissing]
[shrieking]
[panicked sounds]
-[Elizabeth yells]
-[Yuririn shrieking]
Naoko, save Ichiro!
Gosh, why me?
[all yelling]
Wait!
Ow!
Yuririn, stop!
[frantic yells]
Please stop! Stop it!
[roars] Gau!
[Elizabeth] Yeow!
Gau!
[gasp]
[in Gauko's voice] I am Elizabeth.
Uh...
[moans]
[group] Oh...
[Dad] That T-shirt is cute, Naoko.
Uh-huh.
[doorbell rings]
-[Ichiro's Mom] Good evening!
-Coming!
Oh, Kazue.
Did you lose track of time, sis?
No, I didn't!
-Ichiro, your mom is here to pick you up.
-Oh!
[Ichiro's Mom] Okay, let's go home.
What took so long?
I was ready to leave hours ago!
Okay, okay. Bye, sis.
We'll stop by again soon.
I played games with Leonard,
and we went to eat takoyaki...
He sure talks a lot with his mom.
[chuckles]
Yes, yes...
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ Take my fire of justice ♪
Subtitle translation by Krysta Uyekawa